# CS--255

# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The Client is DriverPass, company that tries to help students get the resources that could help them pass exams and tests to get their drivers license. The system would be a web face system that helped organize the users and help them have accounts and put their information, life payment information and their identity in a secure area while they're getting the information they need to study.
# What did you do particularly well?
I thought that I did well in the evaluating of diagrams, and the initial interview of trying to see what the client wanted. It also was some of the diagrams I thought I did well for was the use case diagram, and the activity diagrams. I thought about I had a better understanding of those things than some other materials that were thought in the coursework. 
# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would choose the business... because I thought I did a good job with it but I think that is could change in the fact of find more things that could be added that could help the system work better for users and follow the project leaders needs. I would improve on more ways to protect the system for the information that the system holds and have the packages that are offered. 
# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
The users need to have a system that is easy to use and I looked at it as the user needs something fast and easy to use so they can get the resources and practice tests. Also having a system that is a way they can pay for the services that DriverPass provides. I think that looking at what the users need and want is important in designing because having the a good idea what the users will be using the system for can help the design team have a foundation to make a system that the users like and will use. 
# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I would approach designing software by looking at what the Client is wanting and if working for a company what do they want to do for customers or for employees to make their work day better. For customers, the software must be easy to use and without too many problems to get product or services to them. I would use the person to person approach for getting what the client wants and to use this to better understand the mission in whatever project that I would work on. Also using the agile approach would be a strategy that I would like to design with so changes could be made later is the development process. 
